so who wants to tell us what answer you
want to explain and tell us how you did
it your strategy okay I'm gonna be
starting ok and how did you get 26 up
and okay what you do with that 24 on the
bottom did anyone else do it that way hi
did okay so remember this idea you guys
pictures worth a thousand words do we
have a picture for that
to someone if you do maybe I'll try your
way she's no but you draw a picture for
that thank you 26 chuckles and so for
each one ok 44 circles and 26 rules
either one okay instead of drawing lots
of since four circles is easier to drop
I might do that and instead of drawing
um for you kidding 26 dots can I make a
short of it and put the number okay yeah
and then this is pretty close to what we
were doing down there so if i wanted to
make it like boxes touch and that are
all the same then i could put 26 anytime
okay another strategy who had a
different strategy not the stack and
multiply strategy um would you do okay I
have one for the Jolly Oh what was your
drive 26 / 26 equals 0 so one person are
you defending the same answer yeah okay
so you use 26 and 26 in what you get
I've at 52 and on the drawing that might
look like that a vital the 52 I play
another 50 to worry about 50 to come
from good there's two ways why you could
do Oh
do you want to do you want to finish
your thought or do you want someone else
to finish your thought okay go ahead
yeah you put a four on bottom oh oh you
were adding sorry I thought you just
okay huh okay so on the picture could I
also say that that equals 52 and I'm
going to call that can we call that
double you double 26 and then doubled it
again the double double okay is that a
triple strategy I don't know if that's
the same it's a double and a double okay
did anyone break the number 26 apart and
do that or do you have a different way
Derek what was your way have a different
way what's your way I looked when I saw
a number of guy just look Danny uh-huh
and but I didn't do it the right way I
did too um I did I know the 20 was in
the tens place oh I did twenty forty
sixty eighty four times and then after
that I did the 64 times so how did you
do the 64 times I counted by sixes on 14
I did 6 12 18 24 and then I added those
tilt in 24 together me in front of four
together and
me so that's 20 for and that's 80 and
all together 104 whoa let's try that in
a picture and see 20 plus 20 plus 20
plus 20 hey that's like our groups over
here equal groups so can i I'm going to
try drawing that here's 20 then 20 more
then 20 more then 20 more and how many
did he get all together 80 20 40 60 80
okay so that is 80 and then he did the
same thing with the six where did this
20 and the fix come from oh I got it 26
oh so wait a minute I'm going to go
right up here and say you started with
this idea 26 you did break it apart
here's 20 and here's six so 26 is made
up of a 22 10 and six ones so here's his
and we had to do what with it x 4 okay
so let's see here's our 4 20's here's
maybe our four sixes and you said that's
24 cool and then 24 my mess up my
getting kind of messy here 80 and 20 for
you said all together is 104 okay pretty
cool you guys